<style>
  table {
    border-collapse: collapse;
    width: 100%;
    border: 1px solid black;
  }
  th, td {
    border: 1px solid black;
    padding: 8px;
  }
</style>

# List of SSI Meetings


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Meeting</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Type</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Frequency</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Goal</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Notes</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>What do SSI staff need to do?</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>All Hands
   </td>
   <td>In-person
   </td>
   <td>Every two years
   </td>
   <td>Away Days for SSI staff. 
<p>
Goals: Get to know each other and discuss broader SSI topics/strategy. \

<p>
All staff are required to attend.
   </td>
   <td>Organised by: PMO
<p>
Agenda curator: Kirsty with input from SSI staff and Directorate sign-off 
<p>
<strong>Required to attend in person</strong>: All SSI staff
   </td>
   <td>Save the date in your diary when ready.
<p>
Suggest Get it Done* sessions if applicable. 
<p>
Attend and have fun getting to know your colleagues. 
<p>
*Get it Done sessions aim to progress a considerable chunk of work which would take longer if only one person was doing it. (e.g. Updating tags on the website). 
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Quarterly operations & strategy
   </td>
   <td>Hybrid, encouraging in-person attendance in each site
   </td>
   <td>Roughly every three months
   </td>
   <td>Goals: Enable work on strategy from any/all team members, carve out time for longer GIDs 
<p>
E.g. A place where staff members can contribute to the direction of the SSI or specific SSI activities
   </td>
   <td>Organised by: PMO
<p>
Agenda setting: Kirsty with input from Director at hosting site
<p>
<strong>Required to attend in person:</strong>
<p>
Directorate & local team
<p>
<strong>Encouraged* to attend in person:</strong>
<p>
Project managers (Kirsty Pringle, Giacomo Peru, Oscar Seip, Shoaib Sufi, Anita Banerji, Aleks Nenadic, Lyndsey Ballantyne, Steve Crouch)
<p>
<strong>Encouraged** to attend in person (if local) or online:</strong>
<p>
SSI staff not listed above
<p>
*We encourage staff to attend in person because it is beneficial to discuss operational and strategic matters in person, plus it aids team building across teams and sites.
<p>
**We encourage all other SSI staff either in person or online because this is a great opportunity to contribute to SSI strategy and make your voice heard.
   </td>
   <td>Save the date in your diary. 
<p>
Each site has allocated a budget to support staff attending these meetings. Please reach out to your local Director to check whether you should attend or can attend in person. 
<p>
Feel free to propose topics for the agenda. These will be curated by Kirsty.
<p>
From April 2025, there is a standing item for project management updates. Project managers will present a one-minute lightning talk per project to talk about key milestones & dates, highlights, achievements, and lessons learned. 
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Advisory Board
   </td>
   <td>In-person & hybrid
   </td>
   <td>Every 6 months
   </td>
   <td>Communicate progress and successes to key stakeholders, who in turn can provide expert feedback on the direction of the SSI.
   </td>
   <td>Organised by: PMO
<p>
Agenda setting:
<p>
Directorate & Ad Board chair
<p>
<strong>Required to attend:</strong> Directorate, all PMO for support (tech + minutes), presenters 
   </td>
   <td>If you’re presenting, you’ll be encouraged to attend in person. 
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Status
   </td>
   <td>Online
   </td>
   <td>Every four weeks
   </td>
   <td>Goals: Celebrate achievements no matter how small.
<p>
A place to request input or help
<p>
Inform others about what’s going on in your area/team
   </td>
   <td>Organised by: PMO
<p>
No agenda.
<p>
<strong>Required to attend:</strong> all SSI staff
   </td>
   <td>Give a brief update of what you’ve been focussing on in the previous month and what you’re next month is looking like.
<p>
Chair if your name is next on the list. <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bBYSStAcbSVxZlFJNa8v-4LbwA0paBbatl-sR-YvIUU/edit">Chair rota</a> 
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Ideas
   </td>
   <td>Online
   </td>
   <td>Every four weeks
   </td>
   <td>Goals:
<p>
Space to provide input or feedback on new ideas / strategy proposed by other SSI team members.
   </td>
   <td>Organised by: PMO
<p>
Agenda: Kirsty Pringle
<p>
<strong>Encouraged to attend:</strong> All staff 
   </td>
   <td>Suggest a topic to be discussed and request input & feedback from staff. 
<p>
The topics will be curated by Kirsty. 
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Show & Tell
   </td>
   <td>Online
   </td>
   <td>Every two months
   </td>
   <td>Goals:
<p>
SSI Staff present work they’ve been doing, showcasing achievements, lessons learnt, things that worked well. 
<p>
It’s meant to be a relaxed meeting where staff can take a break to reflect and celebrate the work we do. 
   </td>
   <td>Organised by: Directorate 
<p>
Agenda: Selina Aragon
<p>
<strong>Welcome & encouraged to attend: </strong>All staff.
   </td>
   <td>Request a slot to present work that you’ve been doing/are proud of. 
<p>
Selina will curate these. 
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



# By area or team (online/hybrid)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Meeting</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Required to attend</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Frequency</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Owner</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Goal</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Notes</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>PMO planning
   </td>
   <td>Kirsty, Giacomo, Selina
   </td>
   <td>Monthly
   </td>
   <td>Selina
   </td>
   <td>To discuss upcoming plans, tasks & project involvement for the PMO
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>PMO triage
   </td>
   <td>Kirsty, Giacomo, Kathleen, Sohail
   </td>
   <td>Weekly
   </td>
   <td>Kirsty
   </td>
   <td>To work through outstanding PMO GitHub issues, projects & tasks
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Finance update call
   </td>
   <td>Kirsty, Giacomo, Kathleen, Sohail, Neil, Selina
   </td>
   <td>Weekly
   </td>
   <td>Giacomo
   </td>
   <td>Update Neil & Selina on budget and forecasts, raise issues to do with SSI-4 finance
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Finance quarterly
   </td>
   <td>Kirsty, Giacomo, Kathleen, Sohail, Neil, Selina, Kathryn Williamson (External)
   </td>
   <td>Quarterly
   </td>
   <td>Kathleen
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Training
   </td>
   <td>Aleks, Steve, Simon, Selina
   </td>
   <td>Monthly
   </td>
   <td>Simon
   </td>
   <td>Discussion of training strategy and training project management updates
   </td>
   <td>15 mins at the end of the meeting are used to give an update on mgt of training projects
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Fellowship & Community
   </td>
   <td>Shoaib, Oscar, Neil, 
<p>
Potentially Kirsty. 
   </td>
   <td>Fortnightly
   </td>
   <td>Neil
   </td>
   <td>Discussion of Fellowship & community strategy & tactics
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Communications & Events
   </td>
   <td>Selina, Denis, Kyro, Lyndsey*
<p>
*attends when available
   </td>
   <td>Weekly
   </td>
   <td>Selina
   </td>
   <td>Comms & events project updates, strategy & tactics
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Research & policy
   </td>
   <td>Caroline, Simon, Anita, Oscar, Neil, Simon, Selina, phd students (external)
<p>
Anyone involved in research welcome to attend. 
   </td>
   <td>Monthly
   </td>
   <td>Caroline, Simon (alternating chair)
   </td>
   <td>Discuss research strategy, funding calls, and update on mgt of research projects. 
   </td>
   <td>15 mins at the end of the meeting are used to give an update on mgt of training projects
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Directorate
   </td>
   <td>Neil, Simon, Caroline, Selina
   </td>
   <td>Weekly
   </td>
   <td>Neil
   </td>
   <td>Discuss SSI high level/strategic issues. 
   </td>
   <td>Every week (back up meeting every other week can be cancelled)
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>

